Ampleforth Organics are passionate about their products and customers.
Martina and her team are responsible for connecting with customers and providing product demonstrations.
Martina decides to rollout mobile devices to make connecting easier.
When the team meet, they discuss how their mobile devices have changed the way they work.
It becomes clear that everyone in the team has had some mishaps.
Kwame shares how he sent an unfinished email to a client accidentally.
Jo shares they sent an embarrassing emoji to one of their longest standing suppliers.
Martina explains a recent example where another person in the organisation forwarded an email containing sensitive information to one of their competitors.
The implications for careless communication can be very serious, leading to disciplinary action, legal issues, or financial penalties.
It can even cause significant damage to the reputation of you, your company and its customers and employees.
Sending or posting something embarrassing, obscene, damaging or illegal, whether you meant to or not, may breach company policies and violate workplace laws designed to protect people against things like discrimination and harassment.
The mobile devices enabled Martina and her team to sign up more customers than ever, and Jo patched up their relationship with their favourite customer.
By following a few key guidelines, Martina and her team can ensure they're taking the biggest steps towards being mindful of others, protecting themselves and their organisation.